Add switches (on/off) for geniushub outlets (#11095)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/geniushub.markdown

  - Water Heater
  - Sensor
  - Binary Sensor
  - Switch
ha_release: 0.92
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
---

The `geniushub` integration links Home Assistant with your Genius Hub CH/DHW system, including its Zones, Devices, and Issues.

It uses the [geniushub](https://pypi.org/project/geniushub-client/) client library, which provides data compatible with the v1 API that _may not_ exactly match that of the official Web App.

### Zones

> Each Zone controlled by your Genius Hub will be exposed as either a:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Zone controlled by your Genius Hub will be exposed as either a:
```

@zxdavb Why capitalize "Zone"? It is not a brand, but a regular word, that is not appearing in the beginning of a sentence, so it should be lower case.

Please adjust those occurrences.

Reviewer 2: done

- Requires your **username** & **password**, as used with [geniushub.co.uk/app](https://www.geniushub.co.uk/app).
- Uses the v3 API - unofficial, but there are additional features (e.g., battery levels).
- Polls the hub directly (so is faster, say ~1s response time).
- You have the option of specifying a MAC address (not recommended, see above).

> The hub does not have to be in the same subnet as your HA server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hub does not have to be in the same subnet as your Home Assistant server.
```

Reviewer 2: done
